Coach Tang, I want to thank you
If you hadn't disliked me in the first place
Not hesitate to use the name
Got me a chance to be selected
Maybe not me today
Coach Tang, your great kindness
I will never forget Wenwen
I lived up to your expectations.
I didn't give you this old genius
Champion disgrace
Folks, I didn't go out to sell
No doping cheating
I didn't embarrass Lin Jiacun
Did not shame the ancestors
I, Lin Wenwen, work hard little by little through myself
Breaking the world record
Daughter, you did it
You are Dad's pride
Dad is proud of you
Folks, Lin Wenwen won glory for my Lin family village
Not only won the Shen championship
Also broke world records
Let us Lin Jiachun raise our eyebrows
Ancestors hung up in the sky
Let our Lin Jiachun add to the supreme honor
According to the rules
We should ask for Lin
Just look at the family tree one night
Don't let me
Immortal Genius
And make him a yellow kiln
Even married him to a man
The old man who sells half of the soil
Men like you deserve to be punished
Yes, this is the kid
Jumping up and down and pretending to be a genius
You are so shameless
Folks
I thought Lin Yaozhong was not a good person before
Look at him. He's mean.
Use this kind of person in the ancestral hall
The ancestors would have been outraged
Drive Lin Yaozu out of Lin's Village
Famous from the ancestral house